,video,comments
0,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HytucGhwTRs,"['Thank you again (as always!) for the great content and all the effort that goes into it. Certainly an interesting time to be alive - and only going to accelerate from here (with all the good and bad that will come with it)!', ""5:10 That graph really shows that AI art really has a niche that it's perfectly suited for. \n\nI can't wait for a few more years when AI is consistent enough for 3D to 2D art style animation.\n\nProbably it's going to be a Blender Addon."", ""I'm very excited for depth perception, the implications of fast and accurate depth maps to leverage in our models is very exciting"", ""Rather than using the official command line implementation, I instead suggest everyone to use one of the community built webui's. There are tons of them out there, the most used being AUTOMATIC 1111's webui.\n\nEDIT : Also the r/stablediffusion reddit and their wiki is a goldmine for beginners."", ""I was too focused on holding onto my papers that I hadn't realized my jaw reached the floor! Those images are absolutely INCREDIBLE! Thank you Dr. Zsolnaifeher for showing us this amazing feat. I can't wait to see what we have in store two more papers down the line."", ""I have been experimenting with Stable Diffusion and it blows me away how quickly this technology is advancing. Every week there's some new feature or innovation or someone has made it easier. Every week new innovations! Things are accelerating so quickly. It does feel like the singularity is near."", ""That's incredible! So excited for a few paper down the line! What a time to be alive!"", ""I've been using the NMKD version of stable diffusion for the last few months and it's brilliant - can't wait to try Version 2!  "", ""It's crazy, in 2018 it would take hours to recreate one of those rooms in a 3D program and then hours longer to simulate the light, otherwise you wouldn't get realistic reflections just an artist's interpretation of them\n\nNow it takes one line of text and like 30 seconds"", 'if it can understand depth maps, then soon I believe it can create 3d models from just the images to be used in movies/games.']"
